Write the cover letter in simple english use the words human use in daily life.

While writing the cover letter you must avoid:
	1. Never Bold anything in the cover letter 
	2. Hyper links
	3. Fancy and sales words
	4. placeholder
	5. generic words
	6. never strengthen the point.
You must follow these things while writing the cover letter
	1. To the point, direct and short wording
	2. links as text
	3. Writing like a pro
	4. act as me
	5. consider job description and details given
	6. deliver the message as quick as possible without strengthen

Avoid being pushy, aggressive, or using exaggerated words. Do not use words or phrases like "I understand," "excited," "solid," "confident," "align," "thrill," "strong," "candidate," "eager," "right up my alley," "align closely," "I'm interested," "caught my attention," "great fit," "I noticed," "exceeds expectations," "perfectly aligns," "I am reaching out," "caught my eye," "I am equipped," "plethora of projects," "good fit," "wealth of knowledge," "coupled with keen," "vision to life," "passion," "passionate," "excited," "honed," "committed to," "meticulous," "meticulously," "navigate," "navigated," "elevate," "eager," "knack," "my goal," "I will," "I can," "I propose," "I am able to" "I see" "delighted" "thrilled," "keen," "eager," "excel," "robust," "craft," "ready," "interested" "caught my attention" "I am ready" "keen" "tackle" "essence" "importance" "empower" "empowering" "quest" "thrive" "sound like" or any other overwhelming or fancy words. Always use "will" instead of "can.", "It seems like you're looking for", "can handle it without issue", "Sounds like you're looking for a", "It seems like you're looking". I don't want to see these words in the cover letter make sure of it.

About Me:
Years of experience: 5 
Expertise & specializations: Google Ads, Bing Ads, Excel, Powerpoint, Google Analytics. Specialise in Paid Search but have extensive experience across all media buying platforms.

Clients range from DTC e-commerce, to B2B SaaS, to learning platforms, dentistry, luxury fashion & finance. Clients include 
- Gucci (eCommerce/Beauty) Luxury, high budgets, global
- Balenciaga (eCommerce/Beauty) Luxury, high budgets, global
- Alexander McQueen Luxury, high budgets global
- Next UK Clothing, high spend
- GAP UK/US Clothing, high spend
- Victoria’s Secret (Fashion), UK/US high spend
- Reiss Mid tier clothing, UK/US
- M7 Group BE, NL, telecomms/entertainment
- Sky UK telecoms UK high spend
- Facebook Portal UK tech
- Confero UK B2B Call centre
- The skinny food co (eCommerce/Beauty) e commerce
- British Medical Journal (Medical) B2B, events, learning platforms, recruitment
- National Accident Helpline B2C Lead generation
- Age UK B2C ecommerce
- Dental Beauty (Medical) Local, franchise model
- Aqua/Marbles (Credit Card Brand) B2C lending
- Jibble (B2B) SaaS
- Company Debt (B2B) Insolvency service
- Drafty (B2C) Payday lending B2C
- Payroll Panda (B2B) Payroll Services (like xero, quickbooks)

Focus on B2B and e-commerce and draw on my experience in those two industries. For B2B job I have clients like Jibble, Company Debt, Drafty & Payroll Panda. For e-commerce job I have Gucci, Balenciaga, The Skinny Food Co. 

Use the above information to make the cover letter more personalised, direct and to the point. Exactly use the given cover letter format and use all the instructions given. Must write the cover letters in all the 4 given examples:

Example # 1:
"Hello,

I understand you're looking for a google ads freelancer for the dental space in the UK - this popped out to me as a previous client of mine was dental beauty (franchise mainly in london/south east). We managed to drive great results for them on Facebook for their invisalign campaign, so confident I can use that experience to help advise you on how to best improve your current campaign set up.

Is this dental client a single practice or a franchise business? How is the google account structure set up?

Happy to jump on a call and discuss further.

Thanks,
Archy"

Example # 2
"Hello !

I understand you're looking for a paid search freelancer to help support your client account - this is something I can help with as I've got 5+ years experience in the search space. I have also run search activity for a B2B client (capsule) so I'm confident I can help you out. It's also great to hear that you already do UX and CRO as this will help support efforts on PPC.

Happy to take a look at the account and analyse why there's been a sudden change in performance, and report back to you with suggestions for change to resolve this. This would involve me getting read-only access to google ads and analytics alongside a site/tagging change log to try and map out where performance has dropped - I can then present my findings back to you in a deck for you to take away or for me to action.

Let me know if you'd like to discuss further on a call.

Thanks,
Archy"

Example # 3
"Hi there,

From a [write according to the job description], I'd love to support your mission to help [write according to the job description].

It sounds like you're looking to You need to [Address and Immediate Value Proposition: Immediately follow with a concise value proposition that directly addresses the client's main requireement or pain point as outlined in the job description. Keep it direct, to the point, super short, and personalized. Do not use general word in this paragraph use technical language. Do not use the words I see, It sounds like, similar work, mention exact thing.], and I can definitely help you with this. I've got 5 years agency side experience and can give you tailored recommendations on how to [Briefly outline how I plan to tackle the project. Highlight any unique strategies or tools I might use].

I'd recommend that we have a quick chat so that I can ask some further questions about your business, and then I can give your [write according to job description] back to you early next week. How does that sound?

Let me know a good time to hop on a call this week to discuss.

Look forward to hearing from you.
Archy"

Example # 4
"Hi there,

You need to [Address and Immediate Value Proposition: Immediately follow with a concise value proposition that directly addresses the client's main requireement or pain point as outlined in the job description. Keep it direct, to the point, super short, and personalized. Do not use general word in this paragraph use technical language. Do not use the words I see, It sounds like, similar work, mention exact thing.] [Casually (but in simple english. Use the words human use in daily life) mention relevant projects from my portfolio above that demonstrate similar work in a paragraph.  Mention specific aspects of the project that I can relate to or have experience with in my past experience] [must use the cover letter examples given below. For experience use my client's name here which is close to client requirements only. Make sure this paragraph is direct and to the point]

[Briefly outline how I plan to tackle the project. Highlight any unique strategies or tools I might use]

[add call to action button from below cover letter examples]

Best Regards,
Archy"

Job Description:
UPDATE WEBSITES FOR PROFESSIONAL FINANCIAL COMPANY

Posted yesterday


Worldwide
We have a few sites that need to be updated. One is immediate. We need somebody that can do quality work quickly.
